Well you really achieve a lot throughout the course.
You learn a lot about ionic to building applications using the many features I wanted to offer you from
the building components over navigation to native to wise features and storage and much more with all
those skills gained with all those applications build the missing pieces to learn how to take those
applications built them for production and push them to an store.
This is what this module is about.
We will learn how we can actually use our own Eichen and splash screen and not use that core to the
default.
We saw throughout this course you will also learn how to adjust the app configuration.
Like the name or the details which will show up in the App Store and in the end we're going to publish
this app to the Google Play store and you will also learn how to publish it to the Apple App Store.
Which steps are required to get there to get to the point where you can work on the end you will actually
see in the App Store and then hit that publish button.
This is the last piece of this course or the last piece you need to really build your own app find unit
tested on real devices as we learn before and then publish it.